or the cats of youtube I am mister lion
and today we will do the special 500
subscribers and I want to thank
all those who asked did not put
all the questions because there were some
very stupid but with nothing more to say
let's start let's go with the first question
the questions will be read by the cheetah x of
this question is by itself 57-91 the
question says what is your name only the
first good my name is osama bin
laden is joke my name is Caesar question
number 2 and this is from king link 4 of
you would change the name lest you
you refer if the channel or my true
name but I can not think of changing my
name but the one of the channel I have done it
before question number 3 this is another
question from reis link 4 you have spam
If you mean my channel, I have not done it
but if for a friend he told me that
I would pass for a famous youtuber that
youtuber was the blonde
Question number 4 is the same
account will be eloquent and recorded
with a voice if you have seen my name
channel says mister lion gameplays and what
story and write well please question
number 5 and it's richard 540 when
you will teach your original voice and think
leave youtube what my voice will be one day
maybe on February 30 and what to leave
youtube does not ask number 6 and it's from
your faithful friend the kabuki man of what
country are i am from new washington
york mexico question number 7 and is from am
and Spain what youtubers of Spain ' time of
Spain
I see hate of madness and man that is
also to the corner of giorgio and crosses
the unknown question number 8 and it's from
great videos when you started uploading
videos and why do you upload it
from Argentina x from greetings to those who
they see me from argentina I started to climb
videos since May 2014 but the
official videos from
of the 2015 question number 9 how many years
you have in real life you like naruto
one day you give a video of curiosities of
Naruto a greeting from Argentina I have
15 years and naruto I do not like but
I prefer dragon ball and what about
curiosities of naruto I do not know if I'm going to
make a video of that question number 10
and it's from viggers or how many years and
you have a greeting from san jose
costa rica greetings to the people who see me
from san jose costa rica I said I have
15 years and the healthy have one no
I'm an alien question number 11 and it's
tell you 155 that inspired you to do
this channel and how do you put the voice of
loquendo with music by steven universe
I was inspired by a youtuber called
roe in my old channel that I already closed and
this channel did not inspire me anything and the
music with what you do not need a
program to edit videos te
I recommend the fields and study look in
youtube tutorials how to install and
use said program
question number 12 and is from lobby news
since when you see steven an ips since
came out question number 13 and it's from
spider-man you like the truth you like it
gta 5 greetings from texas the one from
that is not really but if GTA 5
what is and I love question number 14 and
is steven clinton what is your goal in
life have a good job a
family and a classic car question
number 15 and is from brian javier milián
Ponce what is your favorite character
steven universe
congratulations for the 500 subs send me
greetings greetings bryant and my character
steven universe's favorite is pearl and
thank you for congratulating me question number
16 and the second skeleton zk do you think that
peridot joins the game I do not think but
if he did, he would betray them
number 17 and it's from cristian andrade what
you think about the new fusion of pearl
internet and the other
is how pearl and barnett are
they could merge in the chapter where
they try to catch lost people for
those who do not know what the merger is
of pearl and garnett I will leave you an image
and the name of that merger is sardón yx
the merger became very good and its
succulent and the other maybe they did what
same as ruby ​​sapphire question number 18
and it's from mario blogs if steven dies he
converts 100% gel or rose arises
send me a big greeting mario yes
comes to die steven I think he's going to
come out rose is your gem and you can also
be that steven becomes 100% gem but
only if it does not die naturally
question number 19 and it's valeri to
calderón what was the first episode of
steven universe that you saw the episode is
the laser cannon the first to be released
in Latin America question number 20 and it's
from gerson nolasco how old are you?
they live
steven is 13 years old asks number 21
you will upload videos of other things kary
find links and question number 22 is from
same user mentioned above
do you have any other hobbies besides
make videos
congratulations for the 500 subs if I have
another hobby and that is to exercise
question number 23 and it's andré's bouquets
you believe in the rumor of steven universe it
it will end in the second season
congratulations for the 500 subs for the
1000 I do not think it's going to end up in the
second season only for two reasons
the first is because steven a domina
well the power of your gem and the other there
to know the diamond gems
question number 24 and is from paul andrés
ospina kaviedes hello friend my questions
what is your favorite steven fusion
universe of what country are you games of
nintendo you like which one you prefer
lapis lazuli peridot or jasper I like
more order
is for reading my postdata questions
you can send a greeting, pacman face
greetings paula andrés ospina cavieres
my favorite fusion of steven universe is
your gala
I'm from new york washington Mexico's
nintendo games that I like are the
of mario zelda and mario kart between
lapis lazuli peridot daughters see prefer
no doubt casper and is one of my
favorite characters of steven universe
question number 25 and it's kevin kids
what is your favorite youtuber and your series
of tele my favorite youtuber is new and
my TV series are two one is steven
universe and the other is the price of the
story question number 26 and it's another one
kevin muñoz you want it to end
steven universe me not me neither and for
finish question number 27 and it's another one
reis link 4 what is the meaning of the
lifetime
jajajajajajaja xdddddd from dd dd dd
thanks for watching the video like
comment share the video on your networks
social and subscribe be god